November release highlights for TypeScript (#2029)
Azure/azure-sdk: releases/2020-11/js.md

#### GA

- _REMEMBER TO ADD YOUR GA PACKAGES_
- Azure Identity.
- Azure Tables.
- Azure Storage Blob.
- Azure Storage Data Lake.

> - Azure Storage File Share.

Reviewer: - Azure Metrics Advisor

#### Updates

- _REMEMBER TO ADD YOUR UPDATE PACKAGES_
- Azure Event Hubs.
- Azure Storage Queue.

#### Beta

- _REMEMBER TO ADD YOUR BETA PACKAGES_

> - Azure Service Bus.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Azure Metrics Advisor
```

#### GA

- Azure Identity.
- Azure Tables.
- Azure Storage Blob.
- Azure Storage Data Lake.
- Azure Storage File Share.

#### Updates

- Azure Event Hubs.
- Azure Storage Queue.

#### Beta

- Azure Service Bus.
- Azure Metrics Advisor.

> - Azure Form Recognizer.

Author: I removed the periods!

##### New Features on @azure/identity@1.2.0

- A new dependency has been added: the Microsoft Authentication Library (MSAL). MSAL allows us to provide secure and reliable implementations for `InteractiveBrowserCredential` and `DeviceCodeCredential`.
- `InteractiveBrowserCredential` now works for Node, which spawns the user's browser and connects via a browser-based auth code flow.
- With 1.2, we've added support for Azure Arc to our Managed Identity credential.
- Identity now supports Subject Name/Issuer (SNI) as part of authentication for ClientCertificateCredential.
- Added Active Directory Federation Services authority host support to the node credentials.
- Added support for multiple clouds on `VisualStudioCodeCredential`.
- Added support for authenticating with user assigned identities on Azure App Service.

### Azure Tables

#### @azure/data-tables [Changelog](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/blob/master/sdk/tables/data-tables/CHANGELOG.md).

> We're releasing a new preview of our Azure Tables library. This update provides more idiomatic names to the system properties for `odata.etag` and `Timestamp`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We're releasing a new preview of our Azure Tables library. System properties `odata.etag` and `Timestamp` are renamed to `etag` and `timestamp` to be more idiomatic with the JavaScript ecosystem.
```

- Many other updates to methods, interfaces, types, and names based on user studies and internal reviews, more info at [Changelog](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/blob/master/sdk/servicebus/service-bus/CHANGELOG.md#700-preview8-2020-11-04).

##### New Features on @azure/service-bus@7.0.0-preview.8

- A helper method parseServiceBusConnectionString has been added which validates and parses a given connection string for Azure Service Bus. You can use this to extract the namespace and entityPath details from the connection string.
- Tracing, using [@azure/core-tracing](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/blob/master/sdk/core/core-tracing/README.md), has been added for sending and receiving of messages.

### Metrics Advisor

#### @azure/ai-metrics-advisor [Changelog](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/blob/master/sdk/metricsadvisor/ai-metrics-advisor/CHANGELOG.md)

> This beta package with version 1.0.0-beta.2 is based on Azure Metrics Advisor API. The changes in this SDK version are incorporated from the feedback received during the User Studies conducted and the Architecture Board Review Meetings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This version 1.0.0-beta.2  incorporates feedback from UX Studies and Architecture Board Review.
```

##### Major fixes on @azure/data-tables@1.0.0-beta3

Renamed system properties `odata.etag` and `Timestamp` to provide more idiomatic property names. Queried entities now get the properties `etag` and `timestamp` instead of `odata.etag` and `Timestamp`,

### Azure Storage

We are releasing to add support for new service features in Azure Storage Service API version 2020-02-10.

#### @azure/storage-blob [Changelog](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/blob/master/sdk/storage/storage-blob/CHANGELOG.md)

##### New Features on @azure/storage-blob@12.3.0

- Added `BlockBlobClient.uploadData(data: Buffer | Blob | ArrayBuffer | ArrayBufferView, options)` for parallel uploading. It's avaiable in both Node.js and browsers.

#### @azure/storage-file-datalake [Changelog](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/blob/master/sdk/storage/storage-file-datalake/CHANGELOG.md)

##### Major Fixes on @azure/storage-file-datalake@12.2.0

- Fixed an issue where `DataLakePathClient.move()` will give an `InvalidSourceUri` error when the copy source name contains characters that need to be URL encoded.

> #### storage-file-share [Changelog](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/blob/master/sdk/storage/storage-file-share/CHANGELOG.md)

Reviewer 3: NIT
```suggestion
#### @azure/storage-file-share [Changelog](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/blob/master/sdk/storage/storage-file-share/CHANGELOG.md)
```
For consistency

##### Major fixes on @azure/service-bus@7.0.0-preview.8

- Internal improvements that would affect memory consumption for the operations depending on `$management` link such as peeking into messages or message lock renewals or session lock renewals: 
  - If made parallel requests before the link initialization, it would have resulted in a warning such as `MaxListenersExceededWarning: Possible EventEmitter memory leak detected. 11 sender_error listeners added to [Sender]. Use emittr.setMaxListeners() to increase limit(same for receiver_error)`. This has been improved such that the listeners are reused to avoid the issue of adding many event listeners.
  - With many ongoing outstanding requests, warning such as `MaxListenersExceededWarning: Possible EventEmitter memory leak detected. 11 message listeners added to [Receiver]. Use emittr.setMaxListeners() to increase limit` is observed. The issue has been fixed in the dependency `@azure/core-amqp` by making the requests to reuse the listeners, this is part of the move from `@azure/core-amqp` version update from 1.1.x to 2.0.0.

> 

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion

### Form Recognizer

#### @azure/ai-form-recognizer [Changelog](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/blob/master/sdk/formrecognizer/ai-form-recognizer/CHANGELOG.md)

##### New Features on @azure/ai-form-recognizer@3.1.0-beta.1

This beta package targets Azure Form Recognizer API version  `2.1-preview.2`, and introduces support for its new form recognition features, including:
- support for two new prebuilt recognition models for invoices and business cards through the `beginRecognizeInvoices` and `beginRecognizeBusinessCards` methods (as well as their `FromUrl` counterparts) of `FormRecognizerClient`.
- support for "Selection Marks" as a new fundamental form element. A selection mark is a mark such as a checkbox or a radio button on a form that can be either "selected" or "unselected". This type is supported in content recognition where it is a new type of `FormElement` as well as in custom and prebuilt model recognition where it is a new type of `FormField`.
- support for the bitmap image format (with content type "image/bmp") in prebuilt model recognition and content recognition. Custom form recognition does not currently support bitmap images.
- a `locale` option for all prebuilt model methods, allowing for the specification of a document's origin to assist the service with correct analysis of the documents contents.
- a `language` option for the content recognition method `beginRecognizeContent` that specifies the document's language (the service supports language auto-detection, so this option allows for forcing the service to use a particular language).
- a `pages` option for the content recognition method `beginRecognizeContent` that specifies which pages in a multi-page document (a document with a content type of "application/pdf" or "image/tiff") should be analyzed, allowing for the analysis of only certain pages of a document.
- two new response fields:
  - a `boundingBox` property on recognized `FormTable` objects that indicates the extent of the entire table on the page (previously, only individual elements had `boundingBox`es).
  - an `appearance` property of `FormLine` objects that contains information about the line's appearance in the document such as its style (e.g. "handwritten"). 
  
In addition to the above form recognition features, there is also a new set of model training features, including:
- creating composed models from an array of model GUIDs through the `beginCreateComposedModel` method of `FormTrainingClient`. Composed models combine a set of custom labeled models into a single model with a unique model GUID, and when the new composed model is used for recognition, it will insert a classification step that determines the most appropriate of its submodels to use for recognition. This feature also encompasses some new fields, including:
  - a `properties` field of `CustomFormModelInfo` and `CustomFormModel` that may optionally contain extra properties of the custom model. Currently, the only such property is `isComposedModel`, which indicates that the model is a composed model rather than a standard trained model.
  - a `modelId` property of `RecognizedForm` that contains the GUID of the specific submodel that was used to analyze the form and generate the result.
  - a `formTypeConfidence` property of `RecognizedForm` that represents the service's confidence that it chose  the correct submodel to use during analysis (and therefore the correct value of `formType`).
- a `modelName` option for model training (both `beginTraining` and `beginCreateComposedModel`) that can specify a human-readable name for a model. The model name does not have to be unique, and because models are immutable it cannot be changed. The `modelName` field of `CustomFormModelInfo` and `CustomFormModel` will now contain the name of the model, if one was associated during model creation.
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Metrics Advisor

#### @azure/ai-metrics-advisor [Changelog](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/blob/master/sdk/metricsadvisor/ai-metrics-advisor/CHANGELOG.md)

##### Breaking Changes on @azure/ai-metrics-advisor@1.0.0-beta.2
- [Breaking] Combine `listAnomaliesForDetectionConfiguration()` and `listAnomaliesForAlert()` into overloads of `listAnomalies()`
- [Breaking] Combine `listIncidentsForDetectionConfiguration()` and `listIncidentsForAlert()` into overloads of `listIncidents()`
- `listAnomalies()` and `listIncidents()` on detection configures now also take strings of date formats for `startTime` and `endTime` parameters.
- [Breaking] Fix typo: `lastOccuredTime` is now `lastOccurredTime`.
- [Breaking] Feedback property `dimensionFilter` is renamed to `dimensionKey`.
- [Breaking] `DataFeed.metricIds` array is removed as GUIDs alone are not very useful.
- [Breaking] `DataFeedOptions` property `dataFeedDescription` is renamed to `description`.
- [Breaking] rename types whose name are too generic:
  - `Alert` is renamed to `AnomalyAlert`.
  - `Anomaly` is renamed to `DataPointAnomaly`
  - `Incident` is renamed to `AnomalyIncident`.
  - `Metric` is renamed to `DataFeedMetric`.
  - `Dimension` is renamed to `DataFeedDimension`.
  - `*Hook*` is renamed to `*NotificationHook*`.
- [Breaking] `DataFeed` properties `admins` is renamed to `adminEmails` and `viewers` is renamed to `viewerEmails`.
- [Breaking] `IncidentRootCause` property `dimensionKey` is renamed to `seriesKey`. `AnomalyIncident.dimensionKey` is renamed to `rootDimensionKey`
- [Breaking] The `-List` suffix is removed from Array properties in `MetricSeriesData` and `MetricsEnrichedSeriesData`. Plural form is used instead.
- [Breaking] `*PageResponse` types now extends from `Array<ItemType>` instead of wrapping an array of `ItemType`. Their types names are also shortened.
- [Breaking] Rename method for listing alerts
  - `listAlertsForAlertConfiguration(alertConfigId, startTime, endTime, timemode, options)` to `listAlerts(alertConfigId, startTime, endTime, timemode, options)`
- [Breaking] Rename feedback methods :
  - `listMetricFeedbacks()` to `listFeedback()`
  - `getMetricFeedback()` to `getFeedback()`
  - `createMetricFeedback()` to `createFeedback()`
- [Breaking] Rename detection configuration methods:
  - `createMetricAnomalyDetectionConfiguration(anomalyConfig)` to `createDetectionConfig(anomalyConfig)`
  - `getMetricAnomalyDetectionConfiguration(detectionConfigId)` to `getDetectionConfig(detectionConfigId)`
  - `createMetricAnomalyDetectionConfiguration(config)` to `createDetectionConfig(config)`
  - `updateMetricAnomalyDetectionConfiguration(configId, patch)` to `updateDetectionConfig(configId, patch)`
  - `deleteMetricAnomalyDetectionConfiguration(detectionConfigId)` to `deleteDetectionConfig(detectionConfigId)`
  - `listMetricAnomalyDetectionConfigurations(metricId)` to `listDetectionConfigs(metricId)`
- [Breaking] Rename anomaly alert configuration methods:
  - `createAnomalyAlertConfiguration(anomalyAlertConfig)` to `createAlertConfig(anomalyAlertConfig)`
  - `updateAnomalyAlertConfiguration(alertConfigId, patch)` to `updateAlertConfig(alertConfigId, patch)`
  - `deleteAnomalyAlertConfiguration(alertConfigId)` to `deleteAlertConfig(alertConfigId)`
  - `listAnomalyAlertConfigurations(detectdionConfigId)` to `listAlertConfigs(detectdionConfigId)`
- [Breaking] Data feed ingestion granularity now has `"PerMinute"` and `"PerSecond"` instead of `"Minutely"` and `"Secondly"`.
- [Breaking] Change the type of following timestamp properties from `Date` to `number`
  - `AnomalyAlert.timestamp`
  - `DataPointAnomaly.timestamp`
  - `EnrichmentStatus.timestamp`
  - `IngestionStatus.timestamp`
  - `latestSuccessTimestamp` and `latestActiveTimestamp` in the return type of `getDataFeedIngestionProgress()`.
- [Breaking] property `createdTime` on `DataFeed` and `MetricFeedbackCommon` to `createdOn`.
- [Breaking] Remove the wrapping data feed `options` property from `DataFeed` and `DataFeedPatch` and flatten its child properties.
- Parameters of `Date` type now also accept strings. No validation is done for the strings. The SDK calls `new Date()` to convert them to `Date`.
- Handle potential new data feed source types gracefully

```

### Identity

We're glad to announce a new major release of our Identity package. This release includes standardized `ManagedIdentityCredential` support across languages, as well as improvements to `VisualStudioCodeCredential`, `DeviceCodeCredential` and `InteractiveBrowserCredential`.

#### @azure/identity [Changelog](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/blob/master/sdk/identity/identity/CHANGELOG.md)

##### New Features on @azure/identity@1.2.0

- A new dependency has been added: the Microsoft Authentication Library (MSAL). MSAL allows us to provide secure and reliable implementations for `InteractiveBrowserCredential` and `DeviceCodeCredential`. 
- `InteractiveBrowserCredential` now works for Node, which spawns the user's browser and connects via a browser-based auth code flow.
- With 1.2, we've added support for Azure Arc to our Managed Identity credential.
- Identity now supports Subject Name/Issuer (SNI) as part of authentication for ClientCertificateCredential.
- Added Active Directory Federation Services authority host support to the node credentials.
- Added support for multiple clouds on `VisualStudioCodeCredential`.

##### Major Fixes on @azure/identity@1.2.0

> - Added support for authenticating with user assigned identities on Azure App Service.

Author: ooh that is true! 😄

### Azure Tables

> We're releasing a new preview of our Azure Tables library. This update provides more idiomatic names to the system properties for `odata.etag` and `Timestamp`.
> 
> #### @azure/data-tables [Changelog](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/blob/master/sdk/tables/data-tables/CHANGELOG.md)
> 
> ##### Major fixes on @azure/data-tables@1.0.0-beta3
> 
> Renamed system properties `odata.etag` and `Timestamp` to provide more idiomatic property names. Queried entities now get the properties `etag` and `timestamp` instead of `odata.etag` and `Timestamp`,

Reviewer 2: This is similar to the description below the header for `Azure Tables`. So, we can skip the `Major fixes...` section altogether

```suggestion
We're releasing a new preview of our Azure Tables library. System properties `odata.etag` and `Timestamp` are renamed to `etag` and `timestamp` to be more idiomatic with the JavaScript ecosystem.

#### @azure/data-tables [Changelog](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/blob/master/sdk/tables/data-tables/CHANGELOG.md)
```

Author: I'm thinking on removing that `####` header, like:

```
We're releasing a new preview of our Azure Tables library. This update provides more idiomatic names to the system properties for `odata.etag` and `Timestamp`.

@azure/data-tables's [Changelog](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/blob/master/sdk/tables/data-tables/CHANGELOG.md).
```

Thoughts?

##### New Features on @azure/storage-blob@12.3.0

- Added `BlockBlobClient.uploadData(data: Buffer | Blob | ArrayBuffer | ArrayBufferView, options)` for parallel uploading. It's available in both Node.js and browsers.

#### @azure/storage-file-datalake [Changelog](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/blob/master/sdk/storage/storage-file-datalake/CHANGELOG.md)

##### Major Fixes on @azure/storage-file-datalake@12.2.0

- Fixed an issue where `DataLakePathClient.move()` will give an `InvalidSourceUri` error when the copy source name contains characters that need to be URL encoded.

#### @azure/storage-file-share [Changelog](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/blob/master/sdk/storage/storage-file-share/CHANGELOG.md)

##### New Features on @azure/storage-file-share@12.3.0

- Added `ShareClient.setProperties()`, which can be used to set both Share Tier and Share Quota.

#### storage-queue [Changelog](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/blob/master/sdk/storage/storage-queue/CHANGELOG.md)

##### New Features on @azure/storage-queue@12.2.0

- Updated Azure Storage Service API version to 2020-02-10.

### Event Hubs

> We're releasing an Azure Event Hubs client update with a necessary bug fix to the `EventHubConsumerClient.subscribe()` event handler.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We're releasing an Azure Event Hubs client patch update with bug fixes.
```

- Removed `AmqpAnnotatedMessage`, `AmqpMessageHeaders`, `AmqpMessageProperties` interfaces in favour of the ones from `@azure/core-amqp`. This is part of the move from `@azure/core-amqp` version update from 1.1.x to 2.0.0. As part of this, `userId` will not be made available as part of `AmqpMessageProperties` until its type is fixed in the upstream `rhea` library.
- Many other updates to methods, interfaces, types, and names based on user studies and internal reviews, more info at [Changelog](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/blob/master/sdk/servicebus/service-bus/CHANGELOG.md#700-preview8-2020-11-04)

##### New Features on @azure/service-bus@7.0.0-preview.8

- A helper method parseServiceBusConnectionString has been added which validates and parses a given connection string for Azure Service Bus. You can use this to extract the namespace and entityPath details from the connection string.
- Tracing, using [@azure/core-tracing](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/blob/master/sdk/core/core-tracing/README.md), has been added for sending and receiving of messages.

> ##### Major fixes on @azure/service-bus@7.0.0-preview.8
> 
> - Internal improvements that would affect memory consumption for the operations depending on `$management` link such as peeking into messages or message lock renewals or session lock renewals: 
>   - If made parallel requests before the link initialization, it would have resulted in a warning such as `MaxListenersExceededWarning: Possible EventEmitter memory leak detected. 11 sender_error listeners added to [Sender]. Use emittr.setMaxListeners() to increase limit(same for receiver_error)`. This has been improved such that the listeners are reused to avoid the issue of adding many event listeners.
>   - With many ongoing outstanding requests, warning such as `MaxListenersExceededWarning: Possible EventEmitter memory leak detected. 11 message listeners added to [Receiver]. Use emittr.setMaxListeners() to increase limit` is observed. The issue has been fixed in the dependency `@azure/core-amqp` by making the requests to reuse the listeners, this is part of the move from `@azure/core-amqp` version update from 1.1.x to 2.0.0.

Reviewer 2: This level of detail can be skipped from the release highlights. One can always get them from the changelog.

```suggestion
```

  - A `properties` field of `CustomFormModelInfo` and `CustomFormModel` that may optionally contain extra properties of the custom model. Currently, the only such property is `isComposedModel`, which indicates that the model is a composed model rather than a standard trained model.
  - A `modelId` property of `RecognizedForm` that contains the GUID of the specific submodel that was used to analyze the form and generate the result.
  - A `formTypeConfidence` property of `RecognizedForm` that represents the service's confidence that it chose  the correct submodel to use during analysis (and therefore the correct value of `formType`).
- A `modelName` option for model training (both `beginTraining` and `beginCreateComposedModel`) that can specify a human-readable name for a model. The model name does not have to be unique, and because models are immutable it cannot be changed. The `modelName` field of `CustomFormModelInfo` and `CustomFormModel` will now contain the name of the model, if one was associated during model creation.

> 

Reviewer: ### Form Recognizer

This beta package targets Azure Form Recognizer API version  `2.1-preview.2`, and introduces support for its new form recognition features, including:

#### @azure/ai-metrics-advisor [Changelog](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/blob/master/sdk/metricsadvisor/ai-metrics-advisor/CHANGELOG.md)

##### New Features on @azure/ai-metrics-advisor@1.0.0-beta.2
- Parameters of `Date` type now also accept strings. No validation is done for the strings. The SDK calls `new Date()` to convert them to `Date`.
- Handle potential new data feed source types gracefully

##### Breaking Changes on @azure/ai-metrics-advisor@1.0.0-beta.2
-  Combine `listAnomaliesForDetectionConfiguration()` and `listAnomaliesForAlert()` into overloads of `listAnomalies()`
-  Combine `listIncidentsForDetectionConfiguration()` and `listIncidentsForAlert()` into overloads of `listIncidents()`
- `listAnomalies()` and `listIncidents()` on detection configures now also take strings of date formats for `startTime` and `endTime` parameters.
-  Fix typo: `lastOccuredTime` is now `lastOccurredTime`.
-  Feedback property `dimensionFilter` is renamed to `dimensionKey`.
-  `DataFeed.metricIds` array is removed as GUIDs alone are not very useful.
-  `DataFeedOptions` property `dataFeedDescription` is renamed to `description`.
-  rename types whose name are too generic:
  - `Alert` is renamed to `AnomalyAlert`.
  - `Anomaly` is renamed to `DataPointAnomaly`
  - `Incident` is renamed to `AnomalyIncident`.
  - `Metric` is renamed to `DataFeedMetric`.
  - `Dimension` is renamed to `DataFeedDimension`.
  - `*Hook*` is renamed to `*NotificationHook*`.
-  `DataFeed` properties `admins` is renamed to `adminEmails` and `viewers` is renamed to `viewerEmails`.
-  `IncidentRootCause` property `dimensionKey` is renamed to `seriesKey`. `AnomalyIncident.dimensionKey` is renamed to `rootDimensionKey`
-  The `-List` suffix is removed from Array properties in `MetricSeriesData` and `MetricsEnrichedSeriesData`. Plural form is used instead.
-  `*PageResponse` types now extends from `Array<ItemType>` instead of wrapping an array of `ItemType`. Their types names are also shortened.
-  Rename method for listing alerts
  - `listAlertsForAlertConfiguration(alertConfigId, startTime, endTime, timemode, options)` to `listAlerts(alertConfigId, startTime, endTime, timemode, options)`
-  Rename feedback methods :
  - `listMetricFeedbacks()` to `listFeedback()`
  - `getMetricFeedback()` to `getFeedback()`
  - `createMetricFeedback()` to `createFeedback()`
-  Rename detection configuration methods:
  - `createMetricAnomalyDetectionConfiguration(anomalyConfig)` to `createDetectionConfig(anomalyConfig)`
  - `getMetricAnomalyDetectionConfiguration(detectionConfigId)` to `getDetectionConfig(detectionConfigId)`
  - `createMetricAnomalyDetectionConfiguration(config)` to `createDetectionConfig(config)`
  - `updateMetricAnomalyDetectionConfiguration(configId, patch)` to `updateDetectionConfig(configId, patch)`
  - `deleteMetricAnomalyDetectionConfiguration(detectionConfigId)` to `deleteDetectionConfig(detectionConfigId)`
  - `listMetricAnomalyDetectionConfigurations(metricId)` to `listDetectionConfigs(metricId)`
-  Rename anomaly alert configuration methods:
  - `createAnomalyAlertConfiguration(anomalyAlertConfig)` to `createAlertConfig(anomalyAlertConfig)`
  - `updateAnomalyAlertConfiguration(alertConfigId, patch)` to `updateAlertConfig(alertConfigId, patch)`
  - `deleteAnomalyAlertConfiguration(alertConfigId)` to `deleteAlertConfig(alertConfigId)`
  - `listAnomalyAlertConfigurations(detectdionConfigId)` to `listAlertConfigs(detectdionConfigId)`
-  Data feed ingestion granularity now has `"PerMinute"` and `"PerSecond"` instead of `"Minutely"` and `"Secondly"`.
-  Change the type of following timestamp properties from `Date` to `number`
  - `AnomalyAlert.timestamp`
  - `DataPointAnomaly.timestamp`
  - `EnrichmentStatus.timestamp`
  - `IngestionStatus.timestamp`
  - `latestSuccessTimestamp` and `latestActiveTimestamp` in the return type of `getDataFeedIngestionProgress()`.
-  property `createdTime` on `DataFeed` and `MetricFeedbackCommon` to `createdOn`.
-  Remove the wrapping data feed `options` property from `DataFeed` and `DataFeedPatch` and flatten its child properties.

Reviewer 2: We shouldnt be listing every change that was ever made. Consider adding a one liner saying that we have updated the APIs based on review feedback and the feedback from user studies and then ask the reader to checkout the changelog for details

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Metrics Advisor

#### @azure/ai-metrics-advisor [Changelog](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/blob/master/sdk/metricsadvisor/ai-metrics-advisor/CHANGELOG.md)

This beta package targets Azure Metrics Advisor API version  `1.0.0-beta.2`. The changes in this version are from the feedback received during the User Studies conducted and the Architecture Board Review Meetings.

##### New Features on @azure/ai-metrics-advisor@1.0.0-beta.2
- Parameters of `Date` type now also accept strings. No validation is done for the strings. The SDK calls `new Date()` to convert them to `Date`.
- Handle potential new data feed source types gracefully

##### Breaking Changes on @azure/ai-metrics-advisor@1.0.0-beta.2
- Rename Methods:
  -  Combine `listAnomaliesForDetectionConfiguration()` and `listAnomaliesForAlert()` into overloads of `listAnomalies()`
  -  Combine `listIncidentsForDetectionConfiguration()` and `listIncidentsForAlert()` into overloads of `listIncidents()`
 - Rename method for listing alerts `listAlertsForAlertConfiguration()` to `listAlerts()`
 -  Rename feedback methods :
   - `listMetricFeedbacks()` to `listFeedback()`
   - `getMetricFeedback()` to `getFeedback()`
   - `createMetricFeedback()` to `createFeedback()`
 -  Rename detection configuration methods:
   - `createMetricAnomalyDetectionConfiguration()` to `createDetectionConfig()`
   - `getMetricAnomalyDetectionConfiguration()` to `getDetectionConfig()`
   - `createMetricAnomalyDetectionConfiguration()` to `createDetectionConfig()`
   - `updateMetricAnomalyDetectionConfiguration(configId, patch)` to `updateDetectionConfig(configId, patch)`
   - `deleteMetricAnomalyDetectionConfiguration(detectionConfigId)` to `deleteDetectionConfig(detectionConfigId)`
   - `listMetricAnomalyDetectionConfigurations(metricId)` to `listDetectionConfigs(metricId)`
 -  Rename anomaly alert configuration methods:
   - `createAnomalyAlertConfiguration(anomalyAlertConfig)` to `createAlertConfig(anomalyAlertConfig)`
   - `updateAnomalyAlertConfiguration(alertConfigId, patch)` to `updateAlertConfig(alertConfigId, patch)`
   - `deleteAnomalyAlertConfiguration(alertConfigId)` to `deleteAlertConfig(alertConfigId)`
   - `listAnomalyAlertConfigurations(detectdionConfigId)` to `listAlertConfigs(detectdionConfigId)`

- Rename Types : 
  - `Alert` is renamed to `AnomalyAlert`.
  - `Anomaly` is renamed to `DataPointAnomaly`
  - `Incident` is renamed to `AnomalyIncident`.
  - `Metric` is renamed to `DataFeedMetric`.
  - `Dimension` is renamed to `DataFeedDimension`.
  - `*Hook*` is renamed to `*NotificationHook*`.
  -  `*PageResponse` types now extends from `Array<ItemType>` instead of wrapping an array of `ItemType`. Their types names are also shortened.
  -  Data feed ingestion granularity now has `"PerMinute"` and `"PerSecond"` instead of `"Minutely"` and `"Secondly"`.
  -  Change the type of few timestamp properties from `Date` to `number`
  
- Rename Properties : 
  -  Feedback property `dimensionFilter` is renamed to `dimensionKey`.
  -  `DataFeedOptions` property `dataFeedDescription` is renamed to `description`.
  -  The `-List` suffix is removed from Array properties in `MetricSeriesData` and `MetricsEnrichedSeriesData`. Plural form is used instead.
 -  `DataFeed` properties `admins` is renamed to `adminEmails` and `viewers` is renamed to `viewerEmails`.
 -  `IncidentRootCause` property `dimensionKey` is renamed to `seriesKey`. `AnomalyIncident.dimensionKey` is renamed to `rootDimensionKey`
 -  Property `createdTime` on `DataFeed` and `MetricFeedbackCommon` to `createdOn`.
-  Remove the wrapping data feed `options` property from `DataFeed` and `DataFeedPatch` and flatten its child properties.

```

Author: Added it here: https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk/pull/2029/files#diff-98bb59edc392f52d470ae8cf57987df7ff203ff8b6747f840379fe1a33dcc41dR132
